docs: add dynamic variables guide (#647)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/conversational-ai/customization/dynamic-variables.mdx

---
title: Dynamic Variables

> subtitle: Pass custom data to your agent's messages, tools, and system prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: Learn how to pass dynamic variables to your agent's messages, tools, and system prompts
```

slug: conversational-ai/customization/dynamic-variables
---

> Dynamic variables allow you to pass custom data to your conversational agents at initialisation. These variables can be used in:

Reviewer: nit: what is custom data? Maybe an example might be nice, for example:

Author: added in commit [d457037](https://github.com/elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs/pull/647/commits/d45703745781e19a9ff4a7e339e6e10065882d12)

    </Tip>
    ```javascript
    const conversation = await Conversation.startSession({
      dynamic_variables: {
        customer_name: "John",
        account_balance: 5000,
        location: "New York"
      }
    });
    ```
  </Tab>

  <Tab title="Python">
    <Tip>
        Ensure you have the latest [Python SDK](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/libraries/conversational-ai-sdk-python) installed.
    </Tip>
    ```python
    from elevenlabs.conversational_ai.conversation import Conversation, ConversationConfig

    config = {
        "dynamic_variables": {
            "customer_name": "John",
            "account_balance": 5000,
            "location": "New York"
        }
    }

    conversation = Conversation()
    conversation.start_session(config)
    ```
  </Tab>

  <Tab title="Swift">
    <Tip>
        Ensure you have the latest [Swift SDK](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/conversational-ai/libraries/conversational-ai-sdk-swift) installed.
    </Tip>
    ```swift
    import ElevenLabsSDK

>     let config = ConversationInitiationClientData(

Author: not currently, we need to rebuild
